should win a medal most likely
about once the new status a little easier
predict and north less force
major happens but nonetheless let's
we'll see
it's only the beginning
Well, force majeure is certainly less here if
recall
olympiad in turin what happened in
the original dance is
runny nose will be remembered for a very long time
the next six Iran programs
she does not appreciate the services to the city
engage begin to cook on hand
to this
sea ​​helmet of Russia and the CIS
we could not in the endings
made in their program
will try now
portico is just an indicator
Ministry of Moscow
it feels like washington
but usually work as close as possible
a circle
in sync with estimated
we are just acting 100 pairs
well, the main thing here in France
and of course it should be any that
if you call there are people who are watching
we have to go to the show right away
understand that he does not see
there are no authorities here
on the other
british and here is still very important
the rhythm of research under
music must
but also dance the light
a couple of exactly the functions of the score under the rhythm
motorcyclist innovative is all
is always
the main thing is not the music itself only
original dance namely should
constantly lying garden
musical
works a clear rhythm
Now if you take the years only one of
morning program components
the background today is June 19 it is these individuals
failure to perform must
ship coming strong
and yet here again
station know
very very difficult
very difficult to be discussed by all
why did the judge kill the force majeure virus
it is naively difficult but something happens
too unforeseen
happens not so often
if there is no fall of any group
oshchip man
cruising speed and power
there is a certain element
subjectivism but let's see what
will be further because we noted that 5 hours
participated in the first team is not worth
climb act pair here all the same
judge a little bit first
hey holds
June 18 were detained
it is higher than the Israeli
anwar ul ulum rotor bologna
Besides
we took the initiative
Brazilians do not know what is 2 to 7 times cheaper
It turns 38 press million rubles